
ted  2:44 PM
@here Hey!  We had this old document we built awhile ago, that had a little bio on everyone in the company.  Sometimes when new customers come along, they want to know how smart and awesome we are so we share snippets of it with them to get them interested in working with our smart crew.  Anyway, I just converted it into a Confluence document.  It would be cool if people could go in there and edit their section if there is one for them in there, and if not, add themselves.

========================================
Zack Alban


Zack Alban functions as the Industrial Designer and Mechanical Engineer Specialist for OLogic. He has a Bachelors degree in Industrial Design from Iowa State University with a Specialization in Mechanical Design. He is also a certified Solidworks Professional. Zack has worked as an Industrial Designer for Beyond Design and STX Lacrosse. At OLogic, he is responsible for the design and production of concepts, prototypes, and mass produced products. At the beginning of his career, he has been involved in for accessibility, medical, consumer electronics, and athletics products brought to market. Zack is a maker at heart, and enjoys designing and building products from scratch in his free time.

 

Brandon Blodget

Brandon Blodget is CTO at OLogic, Inc.an embedded systems research and development company with a focus on robotic applications and technologies. Brandon has over 20 years of hardware, firmware and software engineering experience. Brandon is a co-founder of Roboticore where he led the development of robotic and embedded vision systems.  Brandon worked as a researcher at Xilinx Labs, spearheading design and productization of novel partial reconfiguration solutions. He has a BS degree in Computer Engineering from California Polytechnic State University. 



 

Jeff Comstock

 

Bob Conn

Bob has over 40 years of experience in semiconductor and systems engineering. He began his career designing integrated circuits at National Semiconductor in 1970 and was a senior engineer at Fairchild Semiconductor. For 15 years, starting in 1981, he ran his own design consulting firm, Connsult, providing design and prototype work on more than 100 projects, and receiving national recognition. Conn spent 10 years at Xilinx and was a 2-time winner of the Ross Freemen – Xilinx’s Innovator of the Year award. Conn was Chief Technology Officer and a founder of siXis – an early silicon circuit board/2.5D interposer company. Recently Conn has worked on eWallpaper - 10,000 sensors/CPUs on a 3m x 3m array and a micro-scale 3D acoustic phased array. Bob has been working on robots since 2014 and many of the robots found in public today have electronics designed by Bob. He holds more than 80 patents. He has a BSEE in electrical engineering from the University of California, Berkeley. Conn has 5 gold metals in Masters World Championship Rowing. 

Ralph Gnauck

Ralph Gnauck is a Robotics Software Engineer for OLogic. Ralph has over 35 years of experience in the Electronics & Information Technology industry. He has worked as Sr. Vision Diagnostic Engineer at Intuitive Surgical and Principal Technical Architect for AT&T. Ralph lead the team developing applications that won SBC at the 2002 CIO enterprise value award. He is co-inventor on 4 patents in the telecommunication industry and was part of the team that won the Microsoft Kinect challenge at ROS-Con 2014.

Ralph is actively involved in the Silicon Valley robotics community, regularly attending SV-ROS meetups and has been a long time member of the Home Brew Robotics club. He has also been a Professional member of the Association of Computing Machinery (ACM) since 2000. 

Ralph holds a BS in Applied Science and a Graduate Diploma in Information Science from the University of Canberra, Australia as well as a Company Directors Diploma from the University of New England, Australia.

Wayne Gramlich

Wayne Gramlich is a software wizard and robotics guru. He was the project lead for Sun Sparkworks IDE. He worked on exceptions and templates for Sun Microsystem's C++ compiler. He was in charge of the Sun Microsystems' debugger Sun dbx. He also brought the world wide web to Sun and was on the HTML committee for W3C. He's been the president of Homebrew Robotics club for 13 years, and has been working on robots for 20 years. Two of his more recent robotics projects include Happiest Baby's Snoo Smart Sleeper and Ubiquity Robotics' Magni and Loki.

Ted Larson 

Ted Larson is CEO and Co-Founder of OLogic, Inc. an embedded systems research and development company with a focus on robotic applications and technologies. Ted has over 25 years of experience designing and building commercial software applications. His current interest areas are robotics, artificial intelligence, and embedded systems in consumer and professional electronic devices. Ted graduated from California Polytechnic State University with BS and MS degrees in Computer Science.  He has worked on numerous robotics projects with leading corporations including Google, Hasbro, Savioke and Panasonic. Ted has spoken at several of the past ROBOBusiness Expos, the annual Silicon Valley conference that has helped business leaders understand where the market is going, and which has assisted in implementing their robotics vision within their organizations. 



Patrick Lloyd




Patrick Lloyd is a robotics engineer specializing in electronic hardware design and embedded software. After graduating from University of Florida in 2014 with his BS in electrical engineering, he's worked on a diverse range of projects including Savioke’s Relay, Cobalt’s Mobile Security Robot, Gulfstream Aerospace's G650 aircraft, and SpaceX's Dragon capsule. His eclectic skill set has been utilized on projects such as high-power DC-DC converters, RFID readers, resource-constrained motor controllers, low-cost test fixture designs, and many more. Patrick is also an avid hobbyist and spends his free time hacking his own circuits as well as rock climbing and writing short stories. 

 

Jerry O’Keefe

Jerry O’Keefe works as an Electronics Design Engineer for OLogic and is unique in his ability to apply his expertise for either hardware or software. Jerry is a seasoned industry engineer and has served as lead on projects for companies such as Ericsson, Itron, Equatorial Communications and Quadracast Systems to name a few.

Jerry has 4 patented inventions for digital video camera and RF AM/FM gain blocks. He has written industry papers published in EDN Design Ideas and presented at the ICCE Conference. Jerry was presented with the Engineering Achievement Award from Xerox Imaging. He studied at the University of San Francisco, San Jose State University and the College of San Mateo. Jerry was trained on the Hawk Missile System Target Acquisition Radar with the United States Marine Corp.

 

Chad Rockey

Chad Rockey co-founded Savioke, a service robot company that specializes in real-world environments. At Willow Garage, where the founders of Savioke first worked together, Chad lead the development team for new robot systems, and released/supported widely-used open-source robotics software including the Robot Operating System (ROS). Chad previously played a critical role at Carnegie Mellon University's Robotics Institute - National Robotics Engineering Center (NREC) as a software system maintainer and primary software operator on the DARPA/Boston Dynamics Big Dog and LS3 walking quadruped robots. 

His primary credits include serving on the ROSCon Program Committee and appearing as a speaker at multiple conferences, as well as his active participation in the robotics software community through authoring and maintaining hardware and sensor packages (laser scanner, camera, 3D sensors, etc.) on the PR2 and Turtlebot platforms. Specializing in complex systems designs and architecture, Chad develops reliable and effective machines and computing platforms.  No domain of electronics or software is outside his reach, including Android, embedded, Linux, server, cloud, controls, and hardware; Chad uses this interdisciplinary knowledge to solve complex problems spanning multiple subsystems.

Chad holds an MSEE in Machine Intelligence from Case Western Reserve University.  In his free time, he enjoys playing golf and participating in Titleist Performance Institute Health and Fitness training.  As he’s much better at software than golf, he also has developed open-source golf simulation tools that combine airborne LIDAR with OpenStreetMap data to produce accurate likenesses, saving course designers hundreds of hours per course.
